We extend a warm welcome to all who accepted an invitation to join us for this convention.
We live in a world that has grown deeply distrustful.
Can we really believe the Bible's promises for the future?
If so, what must we do to benefit from them?
Brother William Turner, a helper to the service committee, will answer those questions in the
Discourse entitled, Have Faith in the Good News.
Have you ever received an email from an unknown source informing you of great news?
You're a grand prize winner.
Just click on the link to receive your prize.
Or maybe it was a phone call.
The person says they have exciting news.
You've just won something of value.
But hurry, limited time only.
All you have to do is provide your personal information.
Sadly, the great and exciting news usually doesn't turn out as present.
This highlights that no matter the form or method that we receive it, much of the news
and information we're given today, misleads, misinforms, and often leaves us disappointed.
Our world is just saturated with bad news.
Even just watching the local news can leave us feeling anxious, depressed, even fearful.
So it's no wonder that when people actually do receive good news, they're often skeptical.
Feeling that if something seems too good to be true, it probably is.
The Bible tells us it's actually wise to be cautious about the news we believe.
But it also tells us that there is news.
Good news that we can trust.
I invite you to start with me pleasing your Bibles to the book of Mark.
And in Mark 1, note the words of Mark 1 verses 14 and 15.
It reads,
Now after John was arrested, Jesus went into Galilee, preaching the good news of God
and saying,
The appointed time has been fulfilled, and the kingdom of God has drawn near, repent,
and have faith in the good news.
Have faith in the good news.
This is the theme of our discussion.
To better understand Jesus' words, we need to answer three questions.
First, what is the good news?
Second, why can we have faith in it?
And third, how can we build such faith?
Knowing the answers to these questions will help us to have faith in the good news
and fill our life with real purpose.
Well, let's address our first question.
What specifically is the good news that Jesus was referring to?
Well, let's go back in the Bible this time to the book of Luke.
In Luke 8, notice Luke 8 verse 1.
Shortly afterward, he traveled from city to city and from village to village,
preaching and declaring the good news of the kingdom of God
and the twelve were with him.
So what was that good news that Jesus preached?
The verse states, the good news of the kingdom of God.
So an important aspect of the good news is the message about God's kingdom.
This kingdom is a real government in heaven with a heavenly king and earthly subjects.
Jesus' earthly life as a grown man was devoted to preaching and declaring God's kingdom
as the only solution to man's problems.
And how did he do it?
What the simplest of tools is mouth and his feet.
Notice he walked tirelessly from city to city and village to village hundreds of miles
on dusty roads, even without food at times, just to share this message with others.
He even taught his disciples this good news so that they could share and extend the good news
well beyond the cities and villages that Jesus preached.
And you might be wondering, why should this good news that Jesus preached about 2,000 years ago
be of interest to us today?
It's because the message of the good news that Jesus taught promises future blessings
for obedient humans living under the rulership of God's kingdom.
So that affects all mankind today, that affects you and me.
And these blessings will touch every facet of life.
Let's consider a few examples.
Let's start with our physical health.
Turn with me, please, to the book of Isaiah, in Isaiah chapter 33.
And we're going to read the first part of verse 24.
Isaiah 33, 24.
And no resident will say, I am sick.
You know, that's such a simple statement.
But can you just process what that means?
To never again say or hear someone say, I'm sick.
I don't feel well.
Something is not right with me.
Just think of the millions that have suffered illness due to the pandemic.
The millions that are coping with the disability, and then all the diseases,
the diseases that are common, the diseases that are rare,
the ones that are life-threatening, chronic, debilitating,
the diseases where you look fine on the outside, but inside,
it's a day to day struggle.
See, under God's kingdom, all of it, all disabilities, all diseases,
all health problems will no longer plague mankind.
They will all be a thing of the past.
And just to show you how wonderful this is, how far reaching this blessing will be,
even if we don't have a disease or disability,
think of what your life would be like right now if you just didn't hurt.
See, right now it hurts if we stand too long.
It hurts if we sit too long.
It hurts if we walk too long, if we sleep too long.
But to be pain-free and to know that each day,
you're just going to feel better and better.
Isn't that good news?
You see, so much is going to be accomplished from this promise
where no one will say, I am sick.
Well, let's consider another blessing.
As a family head, we know it's a priority for you to care for your family
and keep a roof over their heads.
But is it a struggle to make it in me?
How often do you worry about having a job or keeping your job?
Well, just think of how you'll feel when these words become a reality.
Still in the book of Isaiah, this time,
Isaiah chapter 65,
and note verses 21 and 22,
they will build houses and live in them,
and they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage.
They will not build for someone else to inhabit,
nor will they plant for others to eat.
For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree,
and the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.
You see the blessing?
No one will be homeless or unemployed.
And as you know, nowhere in these verses,
do we see the words rent or lease?
Under this kingdom arrangement,
you see, we're going to experience the full joy of ownership.
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the satisfaction,
the dignity that comes from living in a home you personally built?
And then working with your hands for the direct benefit of your family?
It's a good feeling, isn't it?
And of course, if you're planting your own vineyard,
well, that's an indication of another blessing,
an abundance of food.
The Bible describes this quite beautifully,
turn please to the book of Psalms.
The 72nd Psalm,
and note Psalm 72 verse 16,
there will be an abundance of grain on the earth.
On the top of the mountains, it will overflow.
His fruit will flourish as in Lebanon.
And in the cities, people will blossom like the vegetation of the earth.
We've all seen heartbreaking pictures of neglected and starving children.
And we've likely seen the increasing number of food lines during this pandemic.
But you see, under God's government,
no one will be without sufficient food or undernourished.
Poverty and food shortages will be gone.
And what a beautiful word picture this verse gives us of how the ground will produce abundantly.
It would be as if grain were growing along the sides of a mountain,
clear to the top and overflowing.
You see, we have so many wonderful blessings to look forward to.
But for this next blessing,
God will use his creative powers to do one of the most wonderful works of all time.
Let's go back to the book of Isaiah.
This time, Isaiah chapter 25,
verse 8,
Isaiah 25,
there were told
he will swallow up death forever.
And the sovereign Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces.
The reproach of his people,
he will take away from all the earth.
For Jehovah himself has spoken it.
You know, some may consider this to be the best news of all.
What a joy it is going to be when death will be no more removed forever.
If any of us have ever had someone close to us taken away by death,
we know the emptiness.
The anguish, the painful scars that death leaves behind.
And it's something that affects all of us.
So just think, how many memorial services have you attended since this pandemic?
You see, for some, it's just too painful to think about.
One brother made the statement.
He said,
I don't even look forward to Saturdays anymore.
It seems that Saturdays have been set aside for funeral and memorial services.
But we can relate to that, can't we?
But you see what the Bible says?
The Bible says that God is going to swallow up death forever.
So when something is swallowed, it's gone, destroyed.
So that is going to be a time to rejoice.
But the good news doesn't stop there.
Because not only is Jehovah going to put an end to death,
but know what he does next.
Look over chapter 26 this time, verse 19.
He says, Your dead will live.
My corpses will rise up,
awake and shall joyfully you residents in the dust.
For your do is as the dew of the morning
and the earth will let those powerless in death come to life.
So now we're talking about the resurrection.
Our dead loved ones will return to life.
And you know the expression there,
awake and shout joyfully.
That was interesting.
The new English Bible quotes this as saying,
They that sleep in the earth will awake and shout for joy.
And doesn't that nicely describe how right now
our dead loved ones are just sleeping?
And just like an infant is protected within its mother's womb,
the dead are in the safest situation imaginable,
perfectly preserved and protected
within Jehovah's memory.
And in God's due time,
they will be brought back to life.
And we can be there.
We can be there to warmly welcome them
just like a newborn is greeted by a loving waiting family.
So many tremendous blessings.
And these blessings that we've considered,
this is just a small sampling of the good news.
There's so much more that this kingdom will accomplish.
According to Psalm 46 verse nine,
war will cease to exist in Revelation 11,
18, anyone and anything that dirties the earth,
pollutes the air and water or kills off the earth's wildlife.
God promises that he will bring to ruin those who ruin or pollute the earth.
So we've established the answer to our first question.
What is the good news?
The good news is the news of God's kingdom.
This heavenly government that will rule and provide tremendous blessings
to obedient mankind.
Now with all these wonderful promises in store for mankind,
can you think of any better news that you'd like to receive?
Wouldn't you agree that these promises are worth investigating?
Indeed they are.
But here's the challenge.
The idea of living forever under such wonderful conditions
might be difficult for some to comprehend,
especially what life is like right now at present.
So what of those that hear this good news are skeptical?
What if they feel if it seems too good to be true?
It probably is.
Well, let's address this by answering our second question.
Why can we have faith in the good news?
In other words, why can we firmly believe that all the things we've just considered,
all these promises from God are true and will be fulfilled?
Well, just like any news or information that we receive,
the credibility all starts with the source, doesn't it?
The good news comes from Jehovah God himself.
And let's note what the Bible says about him.
Turn with me, please, to the book of Titus.
And Titus chapter 1.
And we'll read Titus chapter 1 verses 1 and 2.
Paul, a slave of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ
according to the faith of God's chosen ones,
and the accurate knowledge of the truth that is according to Godly devotion
and is based on a hope of the everlasting life that God
who cannot lie promised long ago.
So we can be certain that these promises will be fulfilled
because the Bible tells us we have a basis for hope
because God who cannot lie is the one who made these promises.
But what exactly does this mean?
Well, it's illustrated this way.
Have you ever asked a friend to meet you or pick you up to go somewhere?
And your friend says, oh, no problem.
I'll be there at seven.
But as soon as he says it,
you already know he's not coming until 730, maybe even 8.
We all seem to have that friend, don't we?
But why do we know this about our friend?
Well, likely it's because of his past record.
You see, if our friend, although we'll intentioned,
has a pattern of being lead,
he's given us a basis to question his promise.
Of course, his humans were all imperfect.
But the point is our record of works form a basis for our credibility.
So now we elevate this to Almighty God.
So when it comes to Jehovah, the source of the good news,
the one who cannot lie.
You see, if we examine his record,
we'll see that he has given us a basis to trust him.
He has a perfect record of fulfilling his promises.
They come true 100% of the time.
And it's not just the general prophecy itself.
It's the accurate details as well.
For example, the prophet Isaiah foretold
that the mighty city of Babylon would be destroyed.
But then he went into detail exactly how the city would be defeated
from the river being dried up
to the gates being left wide open.
He even named the one who was going to overthrow Babylon
some 200 years before it happened.
And history confirms that every detail of this prophecy
was fulfilled.
It was even prophesied that Babylon would become piles of stone
and never again be inhabited.
And that stands true down to this day.
And this is just one of a number of prophecies.
You see, when we take the time to investigate,
we find other prophecies such as the number of years
when the land of Judah would be desolate.
The exact year when the Messiah would come,
where he would be born, what he would do,
how he would die and be raised from the dead,
all fulfilled exactly as foretold.
So the fact that so many Bible prophecies
of already come true shows that we can trust
what the Bible says about the future.
Now here's another reason we can have faith in the good news.
Let's go back to our Bibles this time to Matthew 9.
In Matthew 9, note verse 35.
And Jesus sat out on a tour of all the cities and villages
teaching in their synagogues and preaching the good news
of the kingdom and curing every sort of disease
and every sort of infirmity.
Now you recall earlier we discussed the efforts
Jesus put forth to declare the good news.
But now we see that as he went to those cities and villages,
not only did he preach, but empowered by God,
he performed miracles that proved the credibility
of the good news.
And some of those miracles were witnessed by thousands
to the point where they cannot be denied even by his apostles.
So to this point, we've established what the good news is,
the news regarding God's kingdom.
And now we've answered why we can have faith in the good news.
The source of the good news is Jehovah, a God who cannot lie
and who has a perfect track record of keeping his promises.
And then God's son, Jesus Christ, who is king of God's kingdom.
He solidified that evidence during his time on the earth
by demonstrating the power to cure disease and infirmity.
Today, there are millions of people from a variety of backgrounds
that have taken the time to investigate the promises of God's kingdom.
They have found them to be true and they have benefited
from the good news.
It has improved their lives now and given them a solid hope for the future.
We invite you to watch the following video.
And as you do, note how some have benefited from the good news.
And here in war were normally my home country.
I had many questions.
Why do young people have to die?
Why do my children have to go through this?
God did not create us to make war.
The priests in my church always said it is God's will.
Being on the run was dreadful.
More than once I thought we were going to die.
Eventually, we arrived in Germany and I was convinced
that the priest there could give me some answers.
I went to several different churches, but no answers.
I kept telling them, I'm looking for something.
I don't know what it is, but I didn't find it here with you.
Sometimes I thought I was searching for something
that no one could give me.
One day, a German woman approached me in Arabic.
That was amazing for me.
I never had a good opinion of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I didn't think I could learn anything from her, but I gave her a chance.
She gave me logical answers to all of my questions.
In my home country, there are multiple religious groups and nationalities
who hate and fight each other.
But at the meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses,
I have seen that all people can live in peace with each other
if they get to know our father in heaven.
He gives love and peace.
At last, I found what I had been looking for.
I lived a life without rules.
I used to get drunk, smoked a lot, and I became a compulsive gambler.
My behavior was a complete disaster.
My wife wanted to separate from me.
It was a horrible time.
My wife started studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses.
I remember being doubtful, very doubtful.
But there was one thing that started to make me think.
Both my wife and my children look more peaceful, more joyful, happier.
That's why I even accepted a Bible study.
I came to realize that Jehovah lives each one of us as an individual.
That gave me real hope for the future.
Everything I was studying in the Bible helped me to understand
that doing Jehovah's will is in our best interest.
This really helped me to quit my bad habits,
treat my family better,
and show due respect to my wife.
If Jehovah hadn't searched for me,
if I hadn't come to know him, we would no longer be a family.
Today, we are indeed a happy family, a united family,
united more than ever.
Only Jehovah could perform such a miracle.
Well, let's address our final question.
How can you and I build faith in the good news?
It may be that just like our sister in the video,
we have gone through situations in our life
that leave us searching for answers.
But our search might provide us with incorrect or misinformed information about God.
So the question comes up again.
How can we know?
How can we be sure of what to believe?
Well, the Bible gives us the answer.
Turn with me, please, to the book of Hebrews.
And note what is stated in Hebrews, chapter 11, verse 1.
There we read.
Faith is the assured expectation of what is hoped for,
the evident demonstration of realities that are not seen.
And you know, the footnote there for evident demonstration,
it says convincing evidence.
So that helps us to see that real faith is not gullible.
Just like with the scammers and misinformation we spoke of earlier,
you say, we don't believe what we hear just because it sounds good.
No, as the footnote says, there should be convincing evidence
of things that are not seen and yet real.
Just illustrate this.
A child may ask, how do we know that air exists?
Well, we can't say, well, it just does.
That's how it works.
No, you say likely we'd have to help the child to reason
on the evidence that exists, right?
His ability to breathe air in and out, the effects of the wind and so forth.
And once the child is convinced of the evidence,
he can now accept the existence of what is invisible to him.
In this case, the air.
And that is how our faith has to be.
It has to be based on solid, convincing evidence.
Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide have faith in the good news.
They have made an examination of the Bible's promises
and they've seen the evidence for themselves.
Just like our brother in the video,
we've also seen how the good news has not only improved our lives
but it shows us evidence of Jehovah's love for us as well.
Some who are listening to this program
may be newly acquainted with Jehovah's Witnesses.
And we'd like to tell you,
we are so happy that you took the time to attend.
And we know that you too may have questions
and you need answers, truthful answers.
Well, give Jehovah's Witnesses a chance.
Give them a chance to help you find those answers in the Bible.
And as you associate with them,
see how they have come to believe the good news
and why they have faith in it.
And as your faith grows,
you'll come to appreciate just how important this message is.
It will move you to make any needed changes in your life.
And because of the joy and happiness you feel,
you say, you'll be excited, right?
You'll want to share what you have learned with others.
And that's good for doing so.
We're reinforced Bible truth in your own mind.
So from all that we've discussed,
what do we conclude?
If we have faith in the good news,
we are firmly convinced that everything Jehovah says is true
and will be fulfilled.
And the way we live our lives will demonstrate that.
In this world that is saturated with so much bad news,
how thankful we are that we have a God
that not only provides us with a basis to trust his good news,
but he even shows evidence of his care and concern
for us as individuals.
This good news is not too good to be true.
It is real.
It is a reality that is soon to come.
So may all of us have faith in the good news.
And as we draw close to God,
may we experience firsthand Jehovah's love
as He rewards all those who earnestly seek Him in faith.
Thank you, brother Turner, for the reviewing the evidence
that all of God's promises will soon be fulfilled.
Around the earth, millions are building faith in Jehovah God
and His word, the Bible.
If you would like to have Bible discussions,
free of charge at a time and place convenient for you,
please inform one of Jehovah's Witnesses
or simply visit jw.org
and fill out an online request for a Bible study.
We will be happy to arrange for one of Jehovah's Witnesses
to assist you.
We have reached the conclusion of this session.
We look forward to the next session
in which we will see the conclusion of the Daniel drama
and hear the final talk of this convention.
Now let's sing a song that expresses our confidence in God
and in His kingdom.
We invite you to sing song number 22 entitled
The Kingdom is in place, let it come.
Again, that song number 22,
after which you may have your local concluding prayer.